Project: Change PR template and CONTRIBUTING guide (#7116)
grafana/loki: CONTRIBUTING.md

- If you have a trivial fix or improvement, go ahead and create a pull request.
- If you plan to do something more involved, discuss your ideas on the relevant GitHub issue.
- Make sure to follow the prerequisites below before marking your PR as ready for review.

## Pull Request Prerequisites/Checklist

1. Your PR title is in the form `<Feature Area>: Your change`.
  a. It does not end the title with punctuation. It will be added in the changelog.
  b. It starts with an imperative verb. Example: Fix the latency between System A and System B.
  c. It uses Sentence case, not Title Case.
  d. It uses a complete phrase or sentence. The PR title will appear in a changelog, so help other people understand what your change will be.
  e. It has a clear description saying what it does and why. Your PR description will be present in the project' commit log, so be gentle to it.
2. Your PR is well sync'ed with main
3. Your PR is correctly documenting appropriate changes under the CHANGELOG. You should document your changes there if:
  * It adds an important feature
  * It fixes an issue present in a previous release

>   * It causes a change in operation that would be useful for an operator of Loki to know then please add a CHANGELOG entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * It causes a change in operation that would be useful for an operator of Loki to know
```
Removing repeated mentioning of adding it in CHANGELOG as it already mentioned above it.

> For documentation changes, build changes, simple fixes etc please skip this step. We are attempting to curate a changelog of the most relevant and important changes to be easier to ingest by end users of Loki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can skip this step for documentation changes, build related changes and simple bug fixes or enhancements. Rationale being we are attempting to curate the CHANGELOG entries with most relevant and important changes that end users of Loki care about.
```

4. Your PR documents upgrading steps under `docs/sources/upgrading/_index.md` if it changes:

>   * default configuration values

Reviewer: Can we stick with `Sentence case` for all the bullet points here?

Author: Sure! Pushed a commit changing it.

  * metric names or label names

>   * changes existing log lines such as the metrics.go query output line

Reviewer: People outside loki squad usually won't be that familiar with `metrics.go` convention :) 
```suggestion
  * changes existing log lines that may be used in dashboard or alerts. e.g: logs lines in any `metrics.go` files might be getting used in building dashboards or alerts.
```

  * configuration parameters

>   * anything to do with any API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Any breaking changes to HTTP or gRPC API endpoints
```
